[docs][graphql] Removed draft status, gitignore autogen docs (#15860)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/snippets/info-graphql-release.mdx

:::info

> The GraphQL RPC service is currently under development. The service is scheduled for release in February of 2024.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL RPC service is currently under development. The MVP is scheduled to be launched at the end of January 2024.
```
